Various REST API Documentation Updates (#1521)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/index.md

1. To be friendly and easy to figure out.
2. To be [hypermedia driven](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HATEOAS), using links and the occasional [URI template](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6570) ([read more](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/OctopusDeploy-Api/wiki/Links)).
3. To be comprehensive - 100% of the actions that you perform via the Octopus UI can be performed via the API.

> 4. To provide a great developer experience through [API clients](#api-clients) and [detailed examples](https://octopus.com/docs/octopus-rest-api/examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To provide a great developer experience through [API clients](#api-clients) and [detailed examples](/docs/octopus-rest-api/examples/index.md).
```

## API Clients

Octopus provides API clients for popular programming languages and runtime environments. The source code for these clients is hosted on GitHub:

- [Go API Client for Octopus Deploy](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/go-octopusdeploy)
- [Java API Client for Octopus Deploy](https://github.com/OctopusDeployLabs/java-octopus-deploy)

> - [OctopusClients](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/OctopusClients) (C#-based API client for .NET)

Reviewer: I know the client has historically been called the `Octopus Client` but I wonder if we should break from the past here and just follow the other language conventions, e.g.:

```suggestion
- [.NET C# API Client for Octopus Deploy](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/OctopusClients)
```

- [TypeScript API Client for Octopus Deploy](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/api-client.ts)

> Code snippets using these clients for various operations in the Octopus REST API are available in our documentation: [API examples](https://octopus.com/docs/octopus-rest-api/examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code snippets using these clients for various operations in the Octopus REST API are available in our [API examples](/docs/octopus-rest-api/examples/index.md) documentation.
```
